hello everyone you dj one of
project managers strong model
which provides paid services
mapping
Today I would like to show you our new
work is an accessories store under
Stiles name is near
from our previous update which
called large-scale update center
los santos shop is located
directly in the ghetto well, not in the very
ghetto but near him let's come we
We look at our shop we approach
the store is a big old building
in which there will be accessories
which you can later buy
the name of the English station is translated
style if someone does not know
it means we see a large non-color
more realistic and the building is labeled
stiles and on the windows we leave the inscriptions gang
Scx says that in translation means
bandanas
caps and glasses let's go inside
let's see what we have inside
it means we see several tables at once
different accessories and a large shelf on
which is caps and caps
lower shelves and left shelves
it's a cap and here you are we see hats
also want to say that with
on all sides on all four sides
the store has access to the street different
carts lie and let's go further
farther we see such a small stand
where the bandanas are located
multicolored that you can too on
your server form for purchase
the next stand is also a bandanna next we
see different glasses big enough
the choice of points for the next shelf we, too
we see them further we see such a plot
where are sold
it is hats and various different
New Year's hats here and a hat with
inscription hundred percent gunsther
Christmas hat with the inscription marry
christmas and different cowboy hat and
so on means trolleys for things and
see directly spit where you
be able to put your pickup for
purchases of various accessories and
the same cass a little further we see
several tables
also fistula different and here are some more
cass again repeat exits she in
all sides and several benches
added around and a small section
with benches a couple of trees also
inscription stiles is present from all
parties to the building let's see how
building looks at night
Again, the inscription set shines no
no iridescent textures
the work is done neatly everyone thanks for
view this video subscribe to
channel put huskies and wait for new works